[Music]
You probably remember this scene, we
were discussing it.  The lovebirds.
Yeah, man.  Let's see, of course, eh, I don't know, it
couldn't be denied, eh, it couldn't be denied
that there's no chemistry between glances.  I think
that each one, also, okay?  He's
eating the plex well.  Well, let's see, the
guy, the guy is a winner, I tell you too
.  The looks, right?  If looks could
speak.  I think that apart from the
professional prime that
both of them are in right now,
the undeniable talent that
both of them have, I think that
this has also just come together with the fact that they are in their
physical prime as well.  They're both in their
prime, they're roughly the
same age, okay?  Both of them are
loaded, eh, very loaded.  I mean,
why not?  Why not?  No, of course you
do, right?  They spent one night, eh, or two or
three, I don't know how many, okay, exactly,
but at least one time it's known that they
went out, okay?  Aitana was with the
people from her team, right?  And Play with his
team too, right?  And they went out, they
all went out together to karaoke and
so on, right?  And apparently, well,
things happened.  Okay.
Look, Paconi, okay?  You're so clever
, aren't you, Pacon?  I mean, when you see the
rogue birds, you get up there on that thing
, right?  On the little mountain, but
you see Itaná and you're very close there,
right?  Singing.  Well, I have been
finding several clues.  Look,
people kind of messed with me, right?
Because I posted that thread on Instagram and
Twitter, right?  And it's like, "No, man,
no, it's just that there are some signs that are, let's
see, I've been this age, I've been
this age and I'm also an expert
in love."  Javi Delox deleted the tweet.
A kiss, Liis.  Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, guys.  Lol lao if
this challenge is met.  I'm actually
thinking about uploading and doing another challenge, but
out of 10 for the super chat, out of 10. Okay.  Ah,
after tonight, what happened?  Well
we had Plex saying this.  Okay,
guys, I think I've officially
gotten sick, I mean, I'm hot, okay?
And then we have Itana saying this
because I've been getting a little sick here
in Japan.
Oh, that's what happens when you sleep with your
ass in the air.  Well, from
then on they started, and that's why
I made my thread, right?  They started out as
innuendos, very direct, things like
kids do, because this, of course, this
is obviously young, they're
young and they do this stupid thing they do
, man.  Man, [ __ ] you, [ __ ]
you.  It's not like I'm Tommy.   It's
not like I'm Tommy, you know?  Phew!
You have two butterflies.  Danger, danger,
danger.  Girl with butterflies, danger.
Yes, yes, sure.  Urban legends say so
.  There are girls with butterfly,
danger.  And when Aitana sees that
video, Aitana takes it and uploads these photos
that are, man, they
both look spectacular right now, huh?  So, Pleg
and Aitana, huh?  I mean, they're in [ __ ]
physical prime right now, huh?  And
she uploads this photo with her
butterfly tattoos and the butterfly emoji as if to
say to Play, "I saw the video,
what's up? How dangerous are
girls with butterflies?"  No, look, here
they both are, look.  Crazy, huh?
Crazy.  They're both so hot, aren't they?
Super chat.  But only then, Peekuno is
by my side.  Sad face.  Okay, the super
chat has to be one of the 5co
bucks ones, right?  Of those coins from where
you live.  Okay, well, this is they had already
seen each other at several events, right?
There are fans who suspect that the flirting
may have started here, right?  This is
one of the occasions in which I do
n't know if this is in fact, at the
presentation of
Aitana's new tour that invited him to Plex.
Okay, there you have it, posting these
Instagram stories.  This was published by
Aitana.  Look, look.  Me sending a
full photo, laughing at how tall he is and
, I mean, there's flirting on WhatsApp, eh, there
have been hours of chatting
on WhatsApp, okay?  And what I said, okay?
Aside from the butterflies you
just saw, it turns out that
Plex and his friends make
things look prettier in those videos, right?
The side.  When I saw this, when I saw
this, I made this thread and I said, "It looks
prettier, man."  Javi fishing for bad guys,
man.  But look at him, I said it
as a joke, man.  I mean, I don't know if
Lili is there, but I think I also
told her and said, "Come on, I expected
that these typical Twitter idiots would fall, they
look like bots, they
look like monkeys tweeting, right?"  But of
course, right?  That this guy was going to
that level, man, like an idiot.  Press, eh,
a lot of indirect or direct.
Eh, many indirect or direct.  That
's the end of the video, okay?  Because they're
like, "Hey, there were a lot of
hints, right? In this video?"
Well, I've compiled
some here and we haven't
gone out partying for several days now and people don't say,
"I saw you with Aitana recently."  With what?
With Aitana.  That?  What's up?  What's up
with that?  We want, I want to know that.
What happened to Aitana?  Nothing, we're just
going out to party.  Well, I saw all of
TikTok full of dates, of plex with
Aitana.  I said, there's something going on here, right?
Nice shipping, huh?  I like it.  What does
the band think about that here?  that people
edit very well.  Yes, I've
actually also had edits of, what's it
called?  Hey, Yaní.  Yanis.  This summer
could get pretty messy, to be honest.  Let's see,
if this video gets 200,000 likes,
we'll go to Spain on one condition.  Uh,
what?  That plex
introduced me, he said, introduced me, he said.
On top of that, I can't cut this because it
's not my video.  But why do you want me to
introduce you to Aitana if you're already there
by saying, what's her full name
?  Janis Nicole.  I have no
idea why they're chipping me with it.  I mean,
I see nothing but sex on TikTok and
comments, but I don't know why they're giving me
crap about her.  He doesn't know.  I mean,
that girl's TikTok has all the
respected comments from FD FD FD and she doesn't
know it.  There's a reason people chip it
there.  Enter Itana's profile.
What what what a beautiful age, huh.  I'll say it
again, damn, it reminds me a
bit of when we were kids, doesn't it?  And so
on.  Well, this is what I
told you before.  And he also seems very
nice, huh?  I mean, he looks like a very
healthy boy, very true.  Ple is on
vacation.  Well, go ahead,
Gisela, I'm telling you the gossip.
Damn, don't get ahead of me.  I'm going, I'll tell you now
.  Phew!  You have two butterflies.
Danger,
danger, danger.  Girl with butterflies,
danger.  Yes, yes, sure.  Urban legends say it
and it's true.  Phew!
You have two butterflies, that is, it's a flirtation.
And this is also very strong, isn't it?
He says, look, there's Tania.  Hey, there's Tania,
Tania.  Oh, leave me alone, don't talk to me about
Tania.  That's what Aitana comes first, isn't it?
Likes Play posts
almost instantly.  I mean, look,
here 15 minutes ago, boom, it's there, it's
there with the news activated,
right?  And look at this one in this reel,
right?  I'm in love with cheese.  I'm
in love with cheese, but I prefer, but I
prefer a kiss.  This, this is a
PL song, right?  A kiss.  Your kisses.
Your kisses.  and Sally takes the car
and Aitana answers the reil and says,
"Where is
S?"  Weird, huh?  Weird, no.  Flirting,
aren't I?  Where is Sally?  No, let's see, let's
see.  And then Plex announced the other day
a break in the middle of the
world tour, right?  After after he
was at the shrine, after
after being at the shrine, he was
somewhere else or he already announced his
stop, that is, because after
Japan it was the shrine.  Well,
day 40 is complete. We're halfway through
the journey, and I have to announce
that, like in round-the-world tour one, there's going to
be a short break.  We're going to be
in Latin America.  He tries to downplay
that, not like in the round the
world tour, one gets tired somewhere,
sleeps, takes advantage of it to disconnect
a little, assimilate everything experienced
and be able to recover the energy that in
the last videos I have noticed myself a
little less energetic, also a little
less fresh of ideas and I think that in the
end, just like in a
football match, a rest is necessary and well
and here victories are already added, right? In the
Dominican Republic getting her
hair fixed and people start saying that Aitana
is there, okay?  I haven't put anything else here, I haven't
put anything else, but there is more, isn't there?
Well, for example, this friend from Plex
uploads a photo with his girlfriend at this waterfall
and if we search with Google Lens
we can find the waterfall and I
don't know if you're seeing the waterfall
with me in front of you, but I'll move away, okay?
This is called, this is called the
lemon jump.  Lemon jump is called
lemon jump, right?  In the
Dominican Republic, okay?  Lemon Falls in the
Dominican Republic.  And the other day
this exclusive photograph of tentacles also came out
.  Let's see the image.
This looks great. Here's Flex and here's
Itana.  Dominican Republic.  Caught in the
dark here, but I'm sure
viewers will be watching it very
well.  Here are Plex and Aitana.  And if
anyone has any doubts that the
person appearing there is Aitana, it's obvious,
damn, it's obvious that Aitana is going to be
watching it very closely.  Here are Plex and
Aitana.  And if anyone has any doubts
that the person in that picture is
Aitana, let's see the photo
the fan took with that girl at that same
restaurant.  Ah, what a fan.  I mean,
people saw them.  Of course, they didn't hide.
Okay, okay.  I mean, it's not like they
're seeing each other secretly either, but
of course, they're with the group of
friends too, you know?  That exclusivity was
stolen from you.  Completely.  It was
stolen from me.  Yes, it's Aitana.  He obviously cut off
his face because he said,
"Javi, I don't want
my face on TV."  Furthermore,
we have been able to verify that this site is the
mosquito.  I'm going to say exactly
the name of the bar in the
Dominican Republic.  No, they are not very
discreet, but because they are not
hiding.  They are like this.  Look, he's
hiding here, okay?  Because look, here
in the photo, plex, eh.  He sits in the middle
of these two armchairs and
hides behind them.  All the
couples are here, you know?  Well, that's
strong, isn't it?  And this is the ex of Plex
throwing hints.  Okay, look.  It could
be, right?  Says the labrador who
understands this.  I don't think that's it.
He told me not to worry about
her.  Come on, what she's implying here is
that she's already suspected
while she was with him,
that he was flirting with
Aitana or whatever.  Quite.  Okay,
so these are things that also come with
age.  These are things too.  There are
some things about age that are more
beautiful and others that are not so much, right?  But
this also happened a lot in my time, it
was Messenger states instead of
Titan states.  She has me with an emo in the
cont she has her with an emoji in the
contact.
So, he caught her off guard with an
emoji in the contact.  Okay, they sent me
this tweet that they just posted about not
making a fool of myself anymore.  Look, look, look, look
, look.  You've put a lot there.  You've
made a fool of yourself and that's it.  I deleted
my last one.  My last one.  Look, you're even
nervous.  You haven't even put the last one.
That last tweet.  Elo, clean your
glasses.  Because apparently it was an edit of
Chi's face and not her real face.  I
apologize for misinforming.  Delete your
entire account.  Delete your
entire account.  In this one you deleted it because they
caught you for the tremendous foolishness
you made.  Okay, but come on, this doesn't
change my point.  Javi is being fooled by
Frank.  He just wants views and to
monetize this whole show.  Let's remember that
Javi made a series of videos at
Frank's shrine.  He pretended to
be his friend on TV when he was
arrested and even did a podcast with
him.  Fran, because Frank wanted to do it
here, what the [ __ ] do you want me to do?
Tell him not to come.  I mean, but but it's not
that but it's not that but it's not that
Frank wants to do it here or doesn't want to do it
here, which is normal.  This is
where he paraphrased and he took it and when he got out
of jail and such he took his day
off and said, well tomorrow
our podcast is going to be special, right?
And now that Frank has left the networks because
he's in a critical situation, although
deserved, how dirty, man, although
deserved for being a friend of Dallas, for
being a friend of Dallas.  Javi not only doesn't go
to visit him to give him support.  I still
talk to Fran almost every day.  For me it
has not disappeared from anywhere.  I
still have the same contact with him,
man.  Hey, why the [ __ ] am I going to give him
support for what?  That I am a crutch.  Let
it be deleted entirely.  Of course, all bra,
clown, you're making a fool of yourself
all day long.  But that's all there is to it, all the
nonsense you've put out there.  The other day you
were giving the ball to a girl who already
came out here, she came here in 2019 and
the worst thing is that you know it, I mean, in
that thing about this girl from the
Dallas trial, she's lying knowing she's lying,
okay?  Rather, he is dedicated to stirring up
controversy.  Let's live the controversy.  But he's
gone chi, taking advantage of the fact that Fran
is on social media and has gone chi to
your friends' podcast, to the podcast with a name
about Javi, a podcast about Javi and
about Dallas to talk about us.  I mean,
what the [ __ ] are you telling me?  I repeat what
I said before, with friends like that, who
needs an enemy?  Your friends.  Ray,
Cristob, BruW, Mexi Berga, laerlle,
Turboplan, you just removed the
lawsuit too.  Who else is your friend?
Ricky Eddie, accused of
gender violence, almost nothing.  Who do I have left of
your friends?  Who do I have left of your
friends?  In a flash, who else
of your friends do I have left?  Guys, guys, get your bearings, get your
bearings, get your bearings, because I'm very
happy with the friends I have.  Ok.
[Music]